OSDOCS CQA WINC-1: Windows Workload Management and Basics I (#113245)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/wmco-supported-csi-drivers.adoc

[id="wmco-supported-csi-drivers_{context}"]
= Support for Windows CSI drivers

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the CSI PROXY plug-in to perform storage operations on the nodes in your cluster. 

> {productwinc} installs CSI Proxy, which is a plug-in that enables CSI drivers for performing storage operations, on all Windows nodes in the cluster. For more information, use the CSI Proxy link the link in the "Additional resources" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productwinc} installs CSI Proxy, which is a plug-in that enables CSI drivers for performing storage operations, on all Windows nodes in the cluster. For more information, see the CSI Proxy link in the "Additional resources" section.
```

> To use persistent storage with Windows workloads, you must deploy a specific Windows CSI driver daemon set, as described in your storage provider's documentation. By default, the WMCO does not automatically create the Windows CSI driver daemon set. See the list of production drivers in the Kubernetes CSI Developer Documentation by using the link in the "Additional resources" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use persistent storage with Windows workloads, you must deploy a specific Windows CSI driver daemon set, as described in your storage provider's documentation. By default, the WMCO does not automatically create the Windows CSI driver daemon set. See the list of production drivers in the Kubernetes CSI Developer Documentation, which is linked in the "Additional resources" section.
```
